### Initial Concept
The game in my midterm project is inspired by the ancient Greek epic, the Odyssey. Circe, an evil witch, has turned the warrior Odysseus into a dog, but now she must make a potion to change him back, else risk the wrath of the goddess Athena (Odysseus's mother). The user must help Circe by collecting ingredients safe for Odysseus to consume in canine form, while disregarding those which are unsafe for him to eat. Falling from the top of the screen will be randomly generated dog-friendly foods (bacon, chicken, fish, bread & peanut butter) and dog-unfriendly foods (chocolate, ice cream, garlic avocado & grapes). With each item falling at a randomly generated speed, the aim is to have the good food land in the cauldron at the bottom of the screen and avoid letting the bad food land in the cauldron. The longer a player lasts in the game, the faster the items should descend and in greater volumes. The player will be able to control the position of the witch's cauldron with their mouse, and each time a bad food item enters the cauldron, the player gets a strike. After three strikes the player loses the game, and their final score is determined by how long they lasted.

### The Most Complicated Part of this Project
I anticipate that the most difficult part of this assignment will concern the dynamic creation and movement of the food items. In particular, getting them to randomly appear without being too close together or on top of each other; getting them to fall in a random manner; getting them to disappear once past a certain point on the y-axis; determining how close to the cauldron is considered "inside" when determining a strike; ensuring another set of items are generated in a timely fashion.

Unfortunately, I was not able to figure these things out before class time. At the moment, I am having issues thinking through the creation of tthe good/bad food items as objects, which is naturally delating me adding dynamic movement to them. However, I plan to address these problems in a few ways. First, I am fairly sure I will have to decide on a fixed number of foods per frame so they can be drawn with a for loop; this is to make sure each item has its own random x Coordinate. Next, I will likely have to create a variable for each item's y coordinate and another variable for the falling speed which changes the y coordinate; ideally, the falling speed variable should be randomly initialized. I have also discovered that there is a ```hide()``` function, which I'm sure can be paired with an if statement to make items disappear once they pass the lower part of the scren. I will likely base the decision of whether something lands inside the cauldron using the ```dist()``` function, comparing the center of the fallen item with the center of the cauldron. Lastly, I imagine that in order to create a continuous flow of items, I will have to either increase the framerate or use a loop that generates another item as soon as one is hidden. 
